This project is part of the Odin Project's curriculum. The objective of this project was to use all the skills learned thus far and create a to do app. As of now, this is the toughest project I've worked on and this is also the project that has taken the longest to complete. I worked on this project for about a week and ended up starting all over again because it became too complicated and confusing. After I started again it took me another week to complete it. 
The to do app allowed me to learn a lot as well as use many of the skills I have learned since I started coding. The main challenges of this project were the logic involved to make everything work, the DOM manipulation, learning to be patient, learning to break a big problem into small problems, organizing my code, among many others. 
There were two things I believe I failed at on this project. One was organizing my code and the second one was polishing the finished product. The organization problem was in part due to me getting desperate after having to start all over. I should have broken up the js file into modules instead of having one huge file containing all the code. Having one giant file makes the code hard to read (and hard to look at to be honest), and it will make it difficult to imporve it in the future. As far as the app not being super polished and as good as it can be, that can be fixed. Again, having to start from zero after having worked on it for a week made it difficult for me to want to spend the extra time to make it work better. There are a couple of things I would like to fix but for how difficult this project was, I think i did well. 
Having said that, I'm actually very proud of this project. It looked scary at first and at one point, it made me question wether I could complete it or not. But, I stuck with it and in the end I was able to create a to do app. It migth not be the best to do app, but I feel proud that I wrote every single line of code myself.